Use the built-in JSON library (#6481)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/controllers.md

Now [`/hello/Frank`] in your browser should display `From messenger Frank` as plain text without any HTML.

> A step beyond this is rendering pure JSON with the [`json/2`] function. We need to pass it something that the [JSON library](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/JSON.html) can decode into JSON, such as a map.

Author: Here's how it looks like with mouse hover:

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ca01f491-281b-42a8-bc9c-e53d4f1c7e96)

> A step beyond this is rendering pure JSON with the [`json/2`] function. We need to pass it something that the [JSON library](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/JSON.html) can decode into JSON, such as a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A step beyond this is rendering pure JSON with the [`json/2`] function. We need to pass it something that the [JSON library](https://elixir.hexdocs.pm/JSON.html) can decode into JSON, such as a map.
```

Author: Thank you! ❤️

Now [`/hello/Frank`] in your browser should display `From messenger Frank` as plain text without any HTML.

> A step beyond this is rendering pure JSON with the [`json/2`] function. We need to pass it something that the [JSON library](https://elixir.hexdocs.pm/JSON.html) can decode into JSON, such as a map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A step beyond this is rendering pure JSON with the [`json/2`] function. We need to pass it something that the [JSON](https://elixir.hexdocs.pm/JSON.html) module can encode, such as a map.
```
